[Music]
Your eyes like trapped in
your hopes and dreams caress the sky.
We've met the ember that you're hiding
burns bright
else
they fall without a careround
you center of the universe
Around you around you. All you do is
make things worseen
falling.
You can beauty with your inseur.
[Music]
Time
for
[Music]
waste my
Don't you,
[Music]
you know what gaming is really about,
Brian?
Boom. It's all about the game. Be
advised, hostiles have captured our
flag.
Is it a dream to be a memory?
[Music]
I know.
I know you took it and I'll never
forget. I know your face, but I don't
know your
matter to you.
[Music]
software
spect. Exploring your kitchen.
[Music]
fan club.com
forever.
[Music]
And someone did take my my ancient MU
card.
[Music]
The the story goes,
uh, I used to volunteer at the San
Francisco Zoo
when I was a kid
or some program they had, I think.
And
for whatever reason, everyone there was
like really into Pokemon cards.
Um, like everyone just happened to be.
So
um,
someone there at the San Francisco Zoo
took my ancient MU card.
So, you know,
greedy, greedy. I did scam someone
though, so maybe I deserved it.
I think it was like um
this is maybe the most like depressing
part of my lore, actually. You think
it's all the crazy vile [__] that's
happened, but no, this is probably the
worst thing that's ever happened in my
personal lore. Um
I there there were like kids there who
like none of us knew the value of
Pokemon cards, right? No one no one none
of us knew anything about that. Um
I remember I was trying to get
um all the third evolution starters, as
many as I could, and I didn't have a
Charizard card I liked. And some poor
kid was like, "Oh, I have a Charizard.
Do you have like a Ldios?" I think it
was a Ldios. I had like a Ldios EX or
something.
And I was like, "I have a few Ldios
cards." So, I'll just give them my Ldios
EX for this Charizard. And it was, if I
remember correctly,
a first edition Charizard holo
from base set.
Um, and I don't have it anymore.
That also got lost in California.
But the thing is is like um the ancient
MU card situation was like more
significant to me because
I don't know. I don't give a [__] about
money. Like I don't care about I don't I
can't I'm sorry. I I'm sorry. I can't
care about first edition Charizard. like
some people out there like freak out
about that, but like I don't care, man.
Um,
the ancient view card mattered more to
me than the first edition Charizard cuz
like I'm an adult now. I know the value
of these cards, but who [__] cares,
dude? It's like cardboard. You You got
to love the You got to like the things
you care about. And if we're talking
about, you know, the design between the
ancient MU card and the base set
Charizard, the ancient MU card was
[__] sick as hell. Not that not that
the art for uh the first edition base
set Charizard was like bad or anything.
It was cool, but like so the [__]
ancient MU card was crazy. I didn't care
about the Charizard card. I just I just
wanted a Charizard. I remember being
really proud when I finally collected
hollowos of like the the Gen 4 third uh
evolutions
uh Impolon, Torterara, and and
Infernape. And they weren't even like
super rare or anything. They were just
like the standard holo like final
evolutions for the Gen 4 starters. But I
was like super happy about that, you
know?
I'm going to I'm going to release uh
Stardust Fatty.
Hello. But um I am I am of the I am I am
a collector type person.
Daddy said hello.
I'm like a dragon and that I like to
collect things and I like to like hoard
things that I like. At the same time,
I'm probably the like bane of every
collector in the universe because I I am
the kind of person that is like
no [__] way I'm keeping [__] in
packaging.
Absolutely not. That's boring as [__] I
want to see my [__] I want to touch my
[__] If it's a toy, I want to play with
my toy. If it's music, I want to check
out my music, you know? I don't keep
stuff in the plastic.
I I'm like I'm going to die someday. I
don't give a [__] about how much
something is worth.
Um,
was it uh
I'm trying to remember. There was
something I got recently or not
recently, but like in the last couple
years that was like going to be
absolutely sacrilege for me. Oh, that's
right. I got a
I got a mint
sealed
copy of Swans's cop.
that that vinyl record hasn't been in
production since like 1984.
And I bought a mint sealed copy of Cop
from uh some seller on discs and I
remember getting it in my hooves and I
was like, "Oh,
everyone's going to hate me for this."
And then I tore the [__] plastic
open. I'm like, "Be free finally."
You know, like I'm sorry. I want to see
my the [__] inside of it. I don't care.
It's one thing for, you know, historical
preservation,
but
the other thing is, uh, you know, that's
not my job. That's someone else's job.
I also did that with um
Trying to remember. Oh, actually, um,
I wonder if I can get my desk fogs up.
Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Um,
I recently updated my my Discog page
for all the stuff that I have physically
currently has 13 pages in in grid mode
showing 25 each. Um, some of my like
prized possessions.
Do I ever miss Portland?
Not really, because I live here.
I'm sort of here very often.
Um
anyway, uh I have uh these Genesis box
sets, which I got brand new as a as a
child, and now they're just like
kind of nuts in their pricing.
Um
go through these a bit. I remember there
was a point where I was contemplating
buying a
like like a rare copy of Blonde by Frank
Ocean and he like did a repress right
where right when I was considering it
which is crazy.
Um I ended up picking up this [__]
record at one point. I might have a
photo of it.
I I like found it in store.
Let me go to uh
where was it?
Okay. I found this like in in store.
It was like super cool. like not in
store Hot Topic, but it was like at a
record store. I had seen it a month or
two back and no one had bought it when I
came back. So,
it's like pretty cool.
And that also happened to be the time
where I found the [__]
um bottomless pit vinyl as well. I was
like, that hasn't been in print for
years. And all of a sudden when I wanted
to go and because I had planned here I
was like, "Okay, I'm going to go to the
record store. If that's still at the
front, I'm going to buy it." And uh so
I've been planning on it for like a
couple of months. And then I went in and
I also saw the [__] bot bottomless
pit one. I was like, "What the [__]
man?" Awesome.
Yeah, I feel like this should this
should explain my my music tastes kind
of in like a very short short form.
Should I think of the new Tower of the
Creator tomorrow? Um I'm excited. I have
I have liked like every album he's put
out since Flower Boy, so you know
um
I'm not going to pull it up, but uh
apparently Good Matt's good faith uh
like CD or vinyl on Amazon is
is called is titled the good face.
I might have a photo of it actually.
Y'all buy in the good face. You You can
literally go look it up right now.
The good face.
I managed to get the [__] 2019
repress of Resort. I guess they're you
can buy them secondhand now.
Pretty pretty reasonable. But this was
like brand brand new pressing when when
I got this one, I think. Or not brand
new, but like I had the right one. Oh
man. Maybe it is just the 2019 repress.
Never mind.
Crazy.
Um,
good pink physical media is always
important.
I try to get pink whenever I can.
There's a pink vinyl.
Uh oh, here's another crazy thing was
uh originally I ordered this special
online. I think I don't know if it was
from Disogg or if it was from somewhere
else, but um
I could not find this anywhere in
person. You usually my my um my protocol
is I will I will run around to a few
record stores in person. I have like a
list of like albums I'm usually looking
for and um
so I will try best I can to always buy
physical media at the record stores. But
this the Glen Brackas the Ascension I
could not find anywhere in Portland. Um,
so I eventually like gave up and ordered
online. Um, and then the literal next
time I went out to the record shops, uh,
Music Millennium on,
uh,
Music Music Millennium on Burnside
over East.
Um,
I went in and they [__] had it on
full display.
I was like, "How how are you how are you
going to do this to me after I've been
looking for like months?
That's crazy.
I also just actually got uh some Savant
CDs. I don't know if anyone knows, but
like
cuz like technically a bunch of Savant's
music
has been like not on physical media
since like forever.
And like he never announced this, but
like very very casually. You can just
buy
a bunch of these CDs on his website.
They're like limited to a certain
amount,
but they're just like here. and he
didn't like announce it or anything.
Like, so if you're you're so if you're a
Savon fan, like now's a really good time
to grab the CDs if you can, cuz like
I've had been wanting these for years
years.
I first heard Vario in 2012 and there
was never a CD for me.
What I need though,
what I need though
is I I need very very desperately for
Savant to like lock in and put these
three on CD,
especially Oracle. I don't know why the
[__] he doesn't have Oracle on CD. This
is like the Savant album. I don't know
what his deal is.
Anyway,
the whole situation.
I'm not going to go through this whole
thing, but I don't even know how we got
into this conversation. Why do we get
into this conversation? Oh, yeah. I open
all my [__] I don't think anything you
see in here is like still in its
packaging.
So, yeah,
I do have the uh
I have an Undertale vinyl box set and a
Celeste vinyl box set. I have two
Celeste cassette tapes. Um I haven't
bought any of the Delta Rune records
yet. I'm waiting for a box set of I'm
waiting for a box set of the Delta Rune
stuff
cuz I'm going to buy the box set no
matter what. So why would I buy the
individual ones? I don't know.
I don't know what CD we're going to do
next. I I'm not going to plan that at
all until I've I've shipped out the
Super Coding World CDs, which I'm going
to start putting together my
spreadsheets this week for that. Um
Apathy,
let's not release Apathy on CD.
I mean, we could we could do it. Oh,
actually, no. We have to because what I
was saying was I'm going to put every
major project on CD at least once, you
know, and no one no one asked for
apathy. No one's asking for this album
on CD. This doesn't even have any
reviews. There's like no reviews on
this. It's like really funny. No one's
asking for this on uh CD,
but we'll we'll have to do it anyway.
This is likely going to be one of the
CDs we do like a 100 copies of and
that's it. And for reference reference,
100 copies is the lowest amount I can
even get done. So
really specifically sludge on vinyl.
That would actually be a super cool idea
because then we could get the baddy art
on its own case.
That's like genuinely not a bad idea.
Yes. Yes. Yes. It
be a gatefold.
Gatefold for just one song.
Um, but yeah, we'll do everything at
least on on CD at least once.
Is that Batty saying yes? Yes. Yes. Yes.
It is Batty saying yes.
Can winter's end CD.
I mean, we're going to have a Winter's
End CD. And what's funny is I got the
cover for redone for for Horse Friends
because this this album's had a few
covers over the years, but Winter's End,
we're gonna keep it the exact same. This
we're going to keep this the same when
we do the CD for this. Um there is a
sick and twisted part of me that's like
maybe I should remake the album, but
it's like I keep doing a lot of stuff. I
need to like chill out. Um,
I don't want to do Queen of Misfits on
CD until I Is that a photo of me? No.
But it is a photo of the person who came
up with the 327 number.
Um, I kind of don't want to do Queen of
Misfits until I remake the album.
Darth Vader. Who is Baddy? That's
Baddie. Baddy does a lot of art. A lot
of art for me. You baddie's art is the
greatest.
This is This is This is This is bad art.
This is Larae Candy. Batty art.
Me.
Bad. Batty. Technically, that's me. But
you you're the one who drew me.
Okay,
relax. Take a chill poke.
Um,
yeah, man. I really don't know
cuz we did the wowsy dude.
We could just do like a reissue. We
could just do like a another run of
girls who were wizards. Could just do
another run of carousel,
you know?
Cuz right now I can only do things one
at a time cuz I'm the only person. I'm
doing everything by myself. So,
um,
maybe Tails of Equestria.
That would be fun.
I'll probably do a different cover art
for Tails from Equestria, though.
Um, Hermes is like
I I really want to redo Queen of Misfits
and I also want to redo Love Letters and
also clean up Colorless. I don't even
know how I would title these cuz I don't
want them to conflict with the originals
necessarily.
I don't want to do Violet's version
because that's some Taylor Swift's, you
know, that copycat is not the way. So, I
don't know.
Canon version. I have no idea how to
name these.
Redux is like a boring sent like a
boring word.
remake is too expected. New and improved
is too too unwieldy.
I don't know.
Do what Living Tombstone did and red and
blue version. Well, that's that's the
sick joke of it all is that um I am the
one who did some of that.
Like that was me
scratched
Schroinger's music
mirrored.
I'm so indecisive about it. Everything I
can think of is so unwieldy.
Sorry, I just caught add squeak to at
the end of all of them.
What do you mean you did some of that?
I've done I've literally Okay, I've done
some of the music for Living Tombstone,
including the red blue version things.
Hold on.
Help.
Help. Okay.
Uh, it's been a bit since I've worked on
Well,
actually, when was the last time I did
something for them?
Oh my god. Was it three years ago?
Yeah,
the last time I worked for uh for the
Living Tombstone was three years ago. Um
but that has nothing to do with the red
or blue versions cuz I was on this song.
[Music]
Uh there I am.
Um but that's not what I'm talking
about. Um red and blue version. We are
talking about
Oh my brain.
Oh, it might have just been it might
have just been the red blue version of
Pikachu. Uh,
wait, this is really funny.
Okay, so
Okay. So, so in the Tombstone Lore blue,
the blue version's supposed to be the
quote unquote original and then the red
version is supposed to be like the quote
unquote remixed version. Um,
so the original the Pikachu still meant
I I love Yoab. I love Sam. I love to the
I love the tombstone creatures. Um, I'm
actually opening for the living
tombstone in Portland this October. Uh,
I have so much love for them. Um, Yo has
been a really great inspiration to me.
Um, he's one of the greatest guys ever.
Same with Sam. Love them both. But
despite all my love for them, I can't I
can't sit here with the song
necessarily. I'm just like I don't know
what they were doing with this.
[Music]
Small yellow murderer. There's got to be
a better way.
I I
don't
[Music]
I just I just don't know what they were
doing with this. I love them so much,
but I don't know what's happening.
Um, and this is the quote unquote
original version,
uh, which has less than a million views.
And for whatever reason, my version,
which there I am, has 2.8 8 million
views, the quote unquote remix version,
and
just like how how did this happen? Like
this was supposed to be the original and
then like my version was like out out
outperformed by a very large margin and
sounded like this.
[Music]
Now, what's crazy about this is that I'm
not the one who mastered it. Yeah, I'm
the one who made this song. Um,
uh, the problem is the master for this
song confuses me a little bit. It
sounded like they put like a reverb on
the entire master.
[Applause]
Do I still have the original
on my computer?
When was this? 2018. 2018.
Um,
I don't know where my demos for this
went. Unless my folders are not working.
Hold on.
Home folder. This would have been What?
This would have been were this was this
No way. Was this a Scrungus song?
This might have been a Scrung song.
Uh, okay. Wait. Uh, the I I name my home
folders different things. Currently, my
main home folder is Pacifica Delmare.
Uh, the home folder for when I was
working on this song, I think was called
Scrungus.
Scrungus is not loading.
Well, anyway. Yeah, I did this one.
Okay. Wait. Okay. Scrung is loaded. Uh,
and now I'm going to
Oh, I called it Pokemon. Pokemon. I just
called it Pokemon Red. Was that it?
Okay. Um, I think I just called it
Pokemon Red instead of Pikachu. I think
I wasn't paying attention very much.
Um,
where the [__] is it?
Remix five. Okay, there's that.
Poke song. I kept changing the title of
the export over and over and over again.
It's like really funny.
Very indecisive.
Okay, so again, this is what their
version sounded like, the master.
[Music]
Or if you listen to my version
[Applause]
[Music]
versus
Yeah. I don't I don't really know what
the what was going on with the mastering
for this, but
they've done this for most of the songs
I've done with them. Another thing I've
done with Tombstone was uh
this was this was my song.
Here's me.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
You can kind of tell this is me because
the [__] sound design is so 2017
Violet Pony. I'm trying to get my
version up, but this is a completely
different folder. That's also when this
come out. November 10th.
This will be anytime before November
10th, I suppose. Cuphead.
Cuphead.
I was literally working on beauty sleep
while I was working on this song. the
exact same sound design. Where the [__]
is Cuphead music?
Oh, I'm going to lose it. I'm going to
lose my mind.
Holy [__]
Apparently, I was working on In a Rush
while I was working on that song, too.
That's fascinating.
Um,
where
is
[Music]
Okay, so well this isn't the final
version, but compare these versions.
[Music]
compared to
Yeah, I'm still very confused about how
my music was mastered for tombstone
stuff, but yeah, I've been I've been
linked up with Yab since 2017.
Um, and again, a lot of newer uh like
listeners to my music don't even realize
that like we also did this song
together.
Like I I I brought back uh The Living
Tombstone for a pony song one last time.
uh it was for Swarm
and he specifically did this this part.
This like specifically his part
[Music]
The nexus event is that most people
started listening to my music either in
2021 or 2024. before
because of Kitty Marks and Monarch.
Yeah, I think um
I've always I've always had fun one way
or another working on stuff with with
Yav and Sam.
Um they actually originally wanted me to
open for them last year in Portland, but
I wasn't like emotionally or physically
ready for it. So, I think that was
actually a great idea for me to decline
because I did end up showing up to the
show and I got to meet Tracy there.
So, you know, because she ended up being
the opener instead and I thought that
was like super awesome. So, great. Uh,
cost of collo I wanted to reach out for
like two years and I'm always
intimidated as people. The thing is with
collaborations is I don't really collab
with people very very often. Um
I used to before and I've just had
enough experiences where I'm like I'm
I'm I'm very hesitant to work with
people. Uh this is not even just like
musically. I'm very choosy now about
like the people I work with musically,
artistically, you know, people who I'm
like showing showing my stuff to. Um,
and a lot of that is is an internal
process in my mind. Um, I tend to only
work with people that I'm like that I
know in in some capacity. There are a
few exceptions, but um, nowadays I I
prefer to either work with people I know
or people who I like really really
desperately want to work with.
Um,
so for example, musically speaking,
uh, Sadistic Tushi, I, it was a
commission thing. It wasn't really a
collab. I like emailed him like, "Hey, I
will give you money if you say some
lines for an album I'm doing." He's
like, "Yeah, let's do it." And then I
gave him a script. He said it and then I
just paid him money and that was it. Um,
not really collab. Uh, so ignoring that,
uh, Nami, Nami and I have known each
other for over 10 years, so that's a
thing. Um,
uh, Neco, we've known each other for
like four or five years.
Um, Lunar Lotus, I've known her for
two, seven years.
Uh,
Bug I've only known for like a year, but
Bug's like the goat. Well, Bug's a bug,
but Bug's like the goat. Tracy I've
known for a couple years, and like Tracy
is like one of the my biggest
inspirations artistically and has like
been such a very moving important part
of like my journey as an artist and
stuff. So, big big thing there. Jed Will
is someone I've like spoken to here and
there and like you know respected very
big as an artist for the better part of
5 years. Um but we never actually had
worked together on anything until this
year. I remember there was some tweet
that happened where in 2021 I I was like
or someone else had tweeted a Jed Will
Violet Pony collab would be crazy and
Jed Will replied to it like like those
eye emojis but then we never actually
did anything until four years later. Um,
so really the big the big odd one out
here to me is like Lenvol Brown and that
was because I really really really
thought it would be a cool idea to do it
this way. Um, I do not have the writing
uh I don't have the patience or the
knowhow to do the writing of Disco
Allesium. So obviously this no matter
even though this was going to be
referential to disco allesium it was
never going to be discoium but I thought
it would be still cool anyway to like
pay homage to the game by doing it this
way because um I honestly think there's
a lot of similarities between disqualism
and the story of love and pony step in
trying to sort out mental health things
and and make sense with the world around
you uh with this internal dialogue. Um,
and with Monarch as an example, uh, I am
the only person on this album musically.
I didn't ask anyone for anything. I did
everything completely by myself. Um,
Girls Tar Wizards, the only musical
features on here is just Tracy.
Um,
Paradise Valley, the only musical
collaboration on here is just Nami.
uh carousel again. It's like
uh all the people on this album except
for Mr. Jesse Noak uh I know I've known
for a long time and with that that case
I I just like commissioned him for
lines.
Uh, so I don't really anymore
collaborate
a lot with people in general and if I
do, usually it's people that I'm like
close with in some way. Um,
which is tough cuz uh, you know, I have
to turn down a lot of opportunities, but
it's it's it's best for my mental
health. And also, I would really hate to
say yes to someone and then just like
halfass my contribution to it that I
know I would be possibly doing because
it's not like my own project. So, I
don't feel as invested. I would I would
hate to do that to someone else too, you
know, if it was me being on someone
else's project.
Um, part of the reason I my work ethic
is so intense is because I get very
obsessed with my own ideas and projects.
I just like physically can't do that
with like other people's work. Um, and I
don't feel comfortable not putting in
everything into something like that.
It's complicated.
Visually, artistically, I take a few
more risks here and there.
Um, there are a couple artists on Love
and Pony Step visually who I found for
the first time or am like only vaguely
familiar with. Um, but their styles were
are are really interesting and in ways
that were special to me. Um,
I have big rejection sensitivity
dysphoria and I know a lot of other
people do too, especially artists. It
could all get so dicey, you know. Um,
and in my experience also, musicians can
be like really mean. That's another
reason I don't collab is like
I I I don't know. I I'm just musicians
can be really mean,
whether it's like subtly or overtly, you
know? Sometimes it's on purpose and
sometimes it's like defensive, you know,
having to deal with the way they
interface with other mean musicians.
So, it's tough.
Um, but
uh I got this I got this piece by
Lykenbug. I've never never worked with
them before. Uh didn't really know their
art too much before like last year or
something, but I was like, "Yeah, let's
just do it." I like the style. The style
is cute, so we'll just do it. This is
for worst drive ever. Um,
I got this art done because the person
Eden Lester
li I don't know. Uh, got to pronounce
that.
Um, did the did the art for uh did the
animation for the Wonka XL music video.
So, I was just like, you know what?
don't really know who this is, but like
we're going to I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna take the plunge on this one
because
uh just continuity and relevance and
awesomeness. And like what I was I was
really impressed with how she did this
rendering because um her other art from
what I've seen, especially from the
Wonka XL one, does not have rendering
this like insane. And when she actually
like Yeah, this is the actual person who
did the the Wonkal music video. That's
how like full circle this stuff is. Um I
was like I was like going insane cuz
like I had not seen her art with this
rendering style before. I was like it
was like nuts. It was like really cool.
Um
and Plushy Core first time we worked
together. I think I became weary of them
like last year maybe.
And uh I don't know. I I just like
they're they're already so awesome. It's
like we got to do this, you know. Uh
same with Ninnie. Yeah, I've known
Ninnie for like a few years
artistically, but we never worked with
with each other before. So, that um
Chamberlies, uh this this art ruins me
just a little bit, like in the best way.
It makes me the most emo out of most of
the art on the entire album. Um never
worked with them before. This is the
first time as well. Uh
okay. Okay. And then here's here's
here's the here's the goat cuz Dishy is
in chat right now. So, um I only became
like mentally aware of Dishy within the
the last like five or 6 months.
So, uh, I again I don't typically like
take the plunge for someone I I've like
not known for very long artistically
speaking. But Dish's art is so like
special and experimental to me in a way
that was just like absolutely
unavoidable. I needed at least one thing
from it on this album and I was like
really pleased that it was going to be
this one. Dishy [__] annihilated this
out of the park so much. I I like
actually had a breakdown when I saw the
[__] work in progresses at one point.
Um,
to be honest, I don't know if a lot of
artists know what they're doing, and
that's like kind of like, you know, a
good thing. You just focus on feelings
instead. I think it's a really good
thing. Um, and then Bug, who again I
only met just last year, [__] did
this thing for Jester. Like what the
[__] This is like some like clanad moey
animation. It's [__] nuts.
Daddy said it.
Bug. So there are a lot of like new
artists I was working with on
on this album. Um
everyone else are like staples in some
way. So like obviously obviously
I've worked a little bit with Baddy a
few times. We we've done a few baddy
situations before.
This one still This one still makes me
feel like I'm in a fish tank and I
really really like it.
I I'm like I'm gonna name my kibble.
Wait, hold on. Can we get the Can we
please get really small dub on screen,
please? Can we please get like really
small dub on screen, please?
Um
Ow.
And that's more baddy, of course.
Um, the Neco Snicker artwork for Quick
Scope. This was the first I think this
was the first illustration done for the
album. Um, this was commissioned and
finished in November, so it was a while
ago now.
Uh, the Goards. This is the one for
dualheaded hydroid [__] nuts. I when
when Gino sent the [__] art and I saw
those boots, I was like, "Oh my god,
he's like a genius."
Huge brain on huge brain on this one.
Huge brain on this one. Um I mean,
here's the corporate illustration one by
by our our good friend Emil Fortune.
And like, holy [__] man.
What what is what what is in the water
where he is? Cuz like I don't know how
he comes up with this [__] I did send
him a Hold on. I might have the
I might have the sketch I sent.
Where is it?
Oh,
sorry. I'm like seeing the [__] uh he
sent some some cadence the cadence
sketches when he was working on the hat
and I just I just this [__]
why is everyone so mean to me cadence
situation.
[Laughter]
Oh yeah. Okay. Um
let's see.
Uh
where is the thing? Okay, here's the
original sketch I sent him. This was my
idea for it. I just like threw this
together. I'm like, "Buddy, I if anyone
can make the corporate Memphis art style
look fire as hell, it's going to be
you." Because like he has such a good
like key in on a lot of these like on a
lot of different aspects of his own art
style and like I just absolutely know he
can like take anything and make it look
really cool. Um, so then Emil's idea was
this and like he he made this so much
better than I could have like visualized
it.
So there's that. Um,
I've worked with I've worked with Pico,
our good friend Nerk Vince, millions of
times now,
and every single time he always finds a
way to completely
do something new.
Like, every art piece he ever does feels
like a whole new exploration of ideas.
Um,
like I I don't know how he
conceptualized this, but shout out,
Pico. Little little spaghetti down
there. We have a little spaghetti down
there.
Let me come to the [__] stardust art
for lightning bolt. And
that's a mean.
What I was really excited about with
this one is it has that like glassy
gradient feel that you got with like
Windows like seven stuff, but it feels
in like a completely different like
illustrated context. Instead of it
feeling like it's owing all of its
identity to that aesthetic, it is so
transformative and becoming its own
thing here to the point where it's
really just a footnote. That whole
aspect and the rest of it serves for
this like really sick ass pose and
composition. Uh I love the different
colors for the different types of like
magic elements going on here. Um, the
shapes are so non-standard for what you
would expect for maybe someone else
attempting to render a scene like this.
The I'm specifically still really
thinking about this shape and this
shape. This this this is like a new
shape that hasn't existed before.
If you if you squint in different ways,
sometimes I'm like, "Oh, it's like
glass. It's like enamel. It's like it's
like puffy enamel." Then I like glance
at it a different way. I'm like, "That
is like water. It is like spectral
water. Then I glance at it another way.
I'm like that is like a superheated like
neutron lightning bolt shaped thing.
Like every every other angle I look at
it, it's like really exciting. Um I I
did this by um I I did just like a
rainbow gradient uh color shifted a
little bit down the like across the
whole piece for the lightning like mask
on.
Oh, wait. I see it now actually.
Yeah,
that's really cool. But because it's
split up the way it is, it it it doesn't
like completely come across as just a
great
Yeah, it looks it looks like because
everything's like really separate. No,
that's really that's really big brain
though. I didn't clock that at all.
Um, wait, we also had a I I can't
believe I glazed past this one. The
[__] stereo art. Um, originally this
wasn't going to play a huge role in the
album at all. Um, uh, I think I
originally wanted stereo on a different
piece, but it was going to be too
substantial for them at the time that we
were commissioning this. So, they were
like, "Can you give me a simpler idea?"
I'm like, "I [__] have an idea." So,
I sent the [__] Black Ops 2 guy pose
or the Black Ops guy pose.
I was like, "Do this, but it's vid." And
they're like, "Yeah, no problem." They
did it and like, "What the [__]
Rendering crazy. This shit's mad."
I I don't I don't They always The guns,
the angles, the everything. I know
references were probably used here, but
like holy [__] I'm still obsessed with
the wing shapes on this one.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Cuz like it
always feels hard to make fully spread
wings look as detailed as this
cuz like the feathers and stuff, you can
go so many different directions with the
shapes and like the the density of it.
A little toughs on top though.
Yeah. Yeah. Kind of raven like in that
way.
Um this was originally not going to play
a huge role in the album, but when I saw
it, I was like, "Okay, I'll find a way
to make it have a huge." So, we did
that. Um
more baddy. We have the full We have
like the full loadar vid. Uh well,
mostly loadar are in the booklet, but
also I have it as a separate piece as
well. Um, I originally remember sending
the the reference references to Baddy. I
was just like, I need you to do a
concept page of like just this Lar
stuff. And
Baddy ended up doing a couple of things
on on the full page that made me and
have like an emo shock moment. I just I
love I love seeing them visually
interact with each other a lot, but also
just the way
Okay. Not nut. it. Okay, not nut. But I
like the way it that you draw his uh his
his mane a lot.
I really like the shape that he puts in
puts in his eyes compared to like Vids.
It's like spiky.
Yeah, it's it's a it's Kiki versus Buba.
Yeah,
it's type character.
But what's funny is that it feels like
their personalities are swapped
based on the eye shape, which is also
kind of genius. I think
it also kind of goes with like the stars
and hearts
too shapewise.
Yeah.
No, that's that is that is I didn't even
think about that. That is true.
Um
and then someone who I've known for a
while but just hadn't worked with was
was Okado or Limocado. Um, I first came
across uh Okata's art because of some
like antonym fan art in 2021 and I've
been following ever since, but I never
never worked together for like 4 years.
Never worked together. So, I was like
seeing some of the stuff in in their
portfolio and they're doing a lot of the
like vector flourish like vertiger metro
stuff. I was like, "Okay, let's let's
let's all let's do it. Let's do this
shit."
So, the first one is this one, which is
just so exciting looking. Um, I don't
know how they're able to do this so
accurately
cuz I think they do a lot of these uh
elements from scratch instead of using
any like vector packs or anything.
It's just like really good.
And then the next one is this one for
digital flower field. This is This This
one is like stuck in my mind forever.
It's so cute.
Cute shirt of like the speakers, the the
pinkness of it all. Um
and then also the
the ghosty dub art. This one where they
have the [__] the vector dancer the
vector dancers,
but it's like they're ponies.
Your brain is so big. Help.
Yeah, I really love this one. Um, going
backwards a little bit. The uh
Cinderorey art, which also doubles as
the higher quality version of the uh
piracy version. If you don't know, uh,
in the Band Camp download and presumably
in the torrent networks, um, I have this
cover available, uh, for your pirate for
pirated versions of the album if anyone
chooses to use it
cuz I was thinking about Lime Wire [__]
Um but
but uh the
main artwork for for that last
um interlude is is the higher quality
version of that by by Cinder Corey which
is like fire.
Um
and then of course I mean
the the title track art you know by
Veil. Uh, Verbil has been a very, very
big inspiration to me for a while. I
kind of don't even remember necessarily
where I first saw his art. I'm trying to
remember. That's just not coming to me,
but it's been a little bit. Um,
his art is so textural and experimental
and like I I love the perspective here
a lot. And this piece is so crazy that I
had to ask him to do a document telling
me every like like every reference that
was going on here. So like if you zoom
in, there's like [__] happening
everywhere.
Like all all these pieces all around the
room,
all of these are referring to something.
And he sent me a document breaking down
what every single thing is referencing.
Sometimes they're art pieces by other
people. Um, sometimes there's stuff he
made up based on something else. Uh, and
like
just so everything's so good. I love
this little vid. I love that. Like
sometimes there are recognizable devices
here. Like that's an SP 4041. That's an
AAI MPC.
This might be an APC. I don't remember
what this is. I don't know what
controller this is. It could just be a
DDJ 1000. Um, that's SP 404 Mark II. But
then you just have like this [__]
thing that I think is completely made
up.
What's the original resolution for this?
4690 by 2830 by 2637.
Um,
all the stickers, all the little
devices,
even down to like this [__] poster.
I can't I can't I can't think of I can't
I can't stop thinking about where in the
document he did showing what everything
meant. He had a [__] section that
showed this thing and it just said, "I
don't know how this got here and I'm
scared."
He didn't say anything else. It just
said that. And I believed him. Um
and looking closely enough, you will
realize that even the Wonka XL is in the
album cover.
He [__] actually drew the thumbnails
of these videos in the background. No
one's ever going to see that from this
distance, but they're there. He [__]
drew all these things. Uh, some of these
are records are a reference to uh my
vinyls and some of them are a reference
to I was about to say girls are wizards,
girls rituals.
So,
um, you could probably write an entire
essay about this specific cover,
everything down to the little references
to, the composition, you know, the
perspective, the use of color, the
color, the color choices on this, the
color theory at play on this is so fat
and massive and beautiful and wonderful.
Um, I just like the perspective is so
fascinating with it being like
it's like I don't even know how to
describe it.
It's it's it's vast, but it's wonky. So
so deeply so. And the idea of having
them in different parts of the room
doing different things, you know, being
time independent,
like you you're able to recognize that
these are like different scenes and
memories from different moments,
but it's all there in like one place is
just a stroke of genius on his part.
Yeah, the perspective does make it feel
really inviting. And I love love love
how, you know, how fantastical and
whimsical and exciting this is, but then
also just, you know, on the in the
corner here, they're also kind of doing
like ordinary things on the side here,
too.
It's not all just like goofing off and
being little shits. They're like also
adults and doing normal things
sometimes.
Yeah. This this this this is a cover.
This is This is one of the This is one
of the greatest covers ever.
Does top five videos pay taxes?
Moving on to the other art folder that I
have is um here's another one by Cinder
Corey. This is not for any particular
song, but um Cinder Corey did this
[__]
uh did this cover.
Um I think I used it for something
inside the booklet. It's [__]
awesome. The whole, you know, basketball
thing and the it's all about the game
type [__] Uh, killed it out of the
park with this one. Um,
I did this one
and I wanted the shooting star to look
like a dragonfly. It's like,
wow. Um,
here's the full vid one with load star.
I love his his silly brooding
atmosphere. I love the tail. The way you
did the tail, Betty.
You know what? And I'm also looking at
the background. It kind of reminds me of
a Why is he so legs? Cuz he's he's an
alicorn. He's tall.
Yeah.
the power flags. Um,
Dex did the uh, Angel with a shotgun
artwork. This doesn't show up in any of
the booklets or anything, but it does
show up in the music video
reference the uh, yeah, Angel with a
shotgun nightcore artwork that from that
one video.
Um
um
you don't have to worry about that.
I made that one.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
I made this one. Show them.
Okay.
Do you want to present it to everyone?
Stardust.
This is grew pony. I I'd made it. I hope
you like it.
You're my slick pony.
Are you happy with yourself about it?
Yeah. Okay. Right.
You're fine, buddy.
Um,
wait,
wait.
There's also this. This didn't get used
anywhere, but we do have it.
Stream thumbnail or whatever.
Oh, it's true. Wait, I forgot about
that. Okay, it's it's used there.
Enjoy. Um, this wasn't on the album cuz
this was technically fan art, but there
was something uh a friend of mine who's
also a patron of mine did, which is like
really sweet. Um, he has like several
different aliases, so I don't know which
one to say necessarily, but uh I can
just say his his uh one of the usernames
he uses is Kouturic. So,
um yeah, this one's really sweet. I I
might have asked him might have wanted
to ask him if I could use this on the
album, but I was I was on such a scary
deadline with some of the stuff that I
was just like I didn't want to I didn't
want to try and figure that out just
then. But um
you know, I really like how he did Bid's
little little chin tufts. So cute. Um
last art showcase is another Dishy
original.
And this this this one ruined my life in
the best way.
So for context,
this is this is this this this detail
hurts me so much in a really really good
way is that Dishy drew this on its 3DS.
This is like a this is a 3DS artwork.
And I I look at this and I still have a
really hard time believing it.
It's I don't know how you do that on
that.
Um, not only that, but Dishy also came
up with this this gun design.
Originally, the idea with the with the
album was to, you know, use the DSR50
cuz that's my favorite sniper rifle from
Black Ops 2 and probably my favorite
sniper rifle from the entire Call of
Duty franchise. Um, but then Dishy had
the the the brain blast to design this
thing
and I was just [__] floored with this
design. The the the love letters
mailbox,
the the targeting system with the heart,
the heart scope,
the 32. There's that. The the unicorn
horn barrel like Dishy, who are you? How
did you come up with this [__]
type [__] type character. Like this is
amazing.
Um,
again, the love letters
being like a, you know, an ammo system
of some sort is so so brilliant to me.
Just so brilliant.
Um, and I tried to replicate that with
my own illustration. Did I not put my
own art? Oh, yes, I did. Hold on.
I tried to emulate I tried to draw it
best I could in this in this
illustration as well. Uh, by the way, I
drew this with my mouse. I do a lot of
my drawings with my mouse.
I don't know why I do this. I think I'm
just like
I've gotten so used to drawing with my
mouse that it feels weird when I
actually draw with like a pen.
It's fun to draw with a mouse. I just
want fun to draw with those.
It also lets me draw inside of like
Affinity Photo, which is where I do all
the graphic editing anyway,
so I don't have to change the format of
anything.
Where else is the thing? I also drew
this
Now, unfortunately, this one was not
drawn on mouse, but
I still love the bomb on the shirt. It's
really good.
Thank you.
Um, it's a reference to the hundreds at
Atom bomb.
Oh,
which I'll show
this thing.
Oh. Oh, I see. Yeah.
Which is a
This outfit that Vid's wearing here is
like an outfit that I really wanted
super badly when I was like 12, 13.
To this day, I've still never owned
anything with the Atom Bomb branding on
it. And it's getting rarer and rarer
every day
because like
I wanted this so bad.
I don't know why.
And I still kind of do. I still don't
know. I still don't know why.
There's a cuteness to it.
I It's It's There's like a aspect of
being Filipino that makes that drives
you towards snapbacks. I think
drives you towards
skate clothing for no reason. Any
Filipinos in chat, you know what I'm
talking about. If you were if you're
Filipino, if you were Filipino
uh uh in if you were like a teenager
in the early 2010s and you're Filipino,
you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Everyone, all of us wanted this [__]
So, I don't know.
Anyway,
so that was art.
What's panel?
Great flow.
[Music]
I want you to be alive. Unless you're
Elon Musk,
two carousel songs.
Oh god.
Excellent.
Do you think Vid misses the rage?
Sure.
You know what I miss right now?
What?
My bed. Good night.
Good night.
And that's that's the one that's one
character down. Nutnut.
I'll show it. Cookie.
Here's it. Cookie.
It's good night cookie.
Kindness.
Stardust will haunt you.
Okay.
Let's get to gaming.
Gamer.
All right. Viewer count dropped to 50
now.
There's like a spiciness comp upside
down. [__] I forgot to do it again.
But I like the buff adventures of Kevin.
[Music]
We should do more germa bits where we
try and troll any new viewers.
[Music]
I should just leave it upside down.
Wait guys, should I leave it upside down
for like the first 20 minutes of this?
But everyone just pretend that's like
normal.
Yeah.
Green filter.
Okay. Wait.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Yeah. Let's try a green filter, too.
Maddie, it's okay.
Let's see.
I love it. Green. I love it.
color correction. Okay.
Uh
that's a little too green.
It's so beautiful.
There we go.
Oh my god.
Okay,
now everyone.
Now, everyone,
don't say a [__] word to anyone who
comes in the chat next.
You You have to [__] be like, "What
are you talking about? What do you mean
it's green? What do you mean it's upside
down? Relax."
You You have to pretend that you have no
idea what they're talking about.
Okay, let's go.
[Music]
[__] I can't do this. [__] Hold on.
It's like fine.
Maybe a little.
You can do this, girl.
You You can do this, girl.
Okay, there we go.
Oh my god, I forgot he was here with me.
YouTube won't let me say the word for
him.
It's
a little hard for me to put my faith in
someone who used to work for Umbrella.
So, you heard, huh? Umbrella's done for.
You don't need to worry about them
anymore.
You didn't answer my question.
What are you after?
I just want to feel good about myself.
Make amends or something like that.
Was there a as quiet as a mouse as a
rat?
Why? Why? How are you winded after
walking for 2 minutes?
Looks like we've got company. What do
you want to do?
Nothing,
dude.
I myself
I saw
Do I hear a chainsaw?
ones with chainsaws are no joke.
I know you know what to do.
I
don't you
got this.
I got this.
Out of the way.
Twisty son of a
twisty son of a [__]
I
Leave it to me.
Aren't you full of Christ?
Aren't you full of surprises? What the
[__]
This one's on me. Appreciate it.
Stay focused.
I need food.
Also, can I build something brand new?
No shotgun. I don't have enough
gunpowder.
[Music]
Give me a hand here.
do something, would you?
Like,
I'm sorry. Is there any realistic way
like a collection blood person type
animal could survive a point blank
headsh shot like that?
Sorry, must have slipped.
me. I' No, I'd win. The humble antigen,
my partner.
Pay attention.
You know what? I love to Bubby.
[Applause]
Just chill. Ow. Take a chill pill.
Finally.
People from the Spanish countryside are
just built different. I is I don't think
this is Spain, is it?
Is that Spain? It is set in Spain. Oh,
okay.
I thought we were in like South America.
We're speaking European Spanish. Okay. I
wouldn't be able to detect that.
I am not learned enough.
Can I build a legendary airline? I can.
Won't open.
Heat.
[Music]
Oh,
more of them.
Are they up here? Oh, they are.
[Applause]
Thank you.
[Music]
for
you.
You know what to do.
Sure, man. You're serious.
Not bad, right?
Yes. Yes. Kevin, impress your boyfriend.
Oh, a golden hourglass.
Hello, feather.
Wait, can I Sorry. Intrusive thought was
to just shoot that immediately, but we
need it for something.
I bet I could use this
dynamite, huh? Nice find, my friend.
Yeah, should make quick work of that
dead end.
Nice find, my friend.
I know what you are. I know what kind of
person you are.
LA
and such.
Give me your heads up next time.
Okay, look out.
You handle yourself pretty well.
You sure you're just a researcher?
I'm just an average guy who happens to
be quite the ladies man.
No,
not quite.
He is more of like a man's man.
or more like a Kevin's man type of
character.
After you I exist such a gentleman.
[Music]
[Applause]
Now you owe me.
Please heads up.
Now we're even. Is it always like this
with you?
So we're hearing twice of them now.
Two of them.
This one,
Louise, out of the way.
Here it goes.
I failed.
Can you like stand right here? There's
something funny in here, you know?
[__]
No, but can you stand like right here?
There you go,
L.
Okay, sorry. I you literally can't see
what's on screen right now. I think this
there's not enough There's not enough
buy in for this bit. I think
the good news is is I don't have to
remove the filter. I can just disable
it. I think
so. We can do this another day.
I'll keep the green ready for another
day.
[Applause]
[Music]
Can you stand like right here?
That's the ticket. Now, stand right
there and don't don't do what you're
doing.
Here he goes.
[Music]
[__] Can't get through the armor.
They moved.
[Music]
Ow.
Owie. Zie.
[Applause]
Stop Thanks.
Heat.
Hang
[Applause]
[Music]
on.
Ow.
Okay.
Do a thing. Okay.
Now,
I would love that, buddy. But we don't
do that.
[__]
The armor
into the hands.
[Music]
This other one's not going to be easy.
How do I lure it over here?
Maybe flashbang it when it gets close.
Oh no.
Sorry. Keep our friend busy for me.
Where do you think you're going?
[Applause]
[Music]
Neon
over here.
delivery.
Got a little pressing just for
for you.
Shoot it.
Can you get your gun out?
Beautiful. Just as planned. All right,
finish this guy off.
Perfect timing.
[Applause]
Okay.
Well, that wasn't so bad. See if we can
get through here.
Hot Cheeto always make me so dizzy.
Come on.
How's it look?
There it's open.
Well, that was a pain.
They're keeping those out here, too.
The underground here is sacred to them.
See, this is where they discovered Las
Plagas. preserved in sight into the
clusters of ember. Of course they did.
You're not suggesting we ride this
thing.
Do you see any other way?
Yes, let's fly.
Give us a push. Sono,
who are you calling Soncho?
There. It's moving. This should speed
things up a bit.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
Hey, we're in a hurry, right?
Oh, by the way,
what now? Hope you like thrill rides.
Going off the rails. Lean.
Going off the rails. Give me a hand.
Do something about those parts.
Oh yeah. Sweet straps. We talk we're
going to crash.
Oh.
[Music]
There's a lot to do in this section.
Hey, the cart's skipping over. Calling
off the rest of them. Do something about
those parts.
Oh yeah.
If we don't, we're going to crash.
Hey, the cart's skipping over. It's
Watch out.
He is done.
Up ahead. Shoot the board.
We shake them off.
[__] Disneyland ass ride.
[__] This thing's going to flip.
Hey, the cart's tipping over.
I know. I know.
Game so good it's reminding me I should
play Halfife.
This is just on a rail.
Heat.
Okay, genuine question. Why does
everyone Why does everyone hate on a
rail? I like that section.
This it
not. Things are just getting started.
I guess I just know the layout of honor
rail so so much that I just don't care
about that.
It doesn't carry on for too long. It
feel like good
I understand the gripes with old Zen to
be underdeveloped area, but I still love
it.
It does have some wonky parts which are
not super intuitive, but
all right, let's go.
Not this again.
See, to me, knew that was too long.
Hey, the cart's tipping over.
Oh, it's your favorite sentence to say.
Hey,
got trouble.
[Music]
This is kind of fun.
Let's turn.
[__] This thing's going to flip.
[__] I'm going to flip.
Not looking so good. Hope that car holds
up.
Oh, you
got in bad shape. Take care of it. Okay.
Up the rails. Give me a hand.
[__] This is going to win.
Hey, this skip over.
Look, you can see where they dug up the
bumps.
I guess
ahead.
You're kidding. Get the brick.
What?
Are you serious?
Jump.
[Music]
Oh yeah. Luis, can I get ahead?
Give us a 3 2 1 next time.
Whatever.
Oh man.
But actually this works.
Hold on.
Okay. Well, I dropped one Cheeto on the
floor and I can't find it. So, I will
probably have a mystery surprise at some
point later. Oh, yeah. Let's get on that
lift.
No way.
Give me a break.
We can make it if we circle around. Come
on. Pain in pierce.
I knew it.
Knew what
these guys have camouflage.
I know.
Leon, Kevin, you don't have to spin
around when you stab him.
What are you shooting at?
Okay.
What the [__] is that sound?
What?
Why warping at me?
You give me a second.
It's all you.
Uhoh. Someone doesn't know how Resident
Evil
Someone does
Someone doesn't know how Resident Evil
work.
These guys suck at Resident Evil. I'm
better.
Huh?
Oh, wait. There's another way.
I hate insects. Take care of them for
me, would you?
How about you open fire instead of your
mouth?
Hey, I'm the brains. You're the brun.
He's He is right.
Come here.
[Applause]
[Music]
Their
[Applause]
camouflage is like really good.
Come on.
This area is giving me a lot of
ammunition crafting stuff.
What's the catch here?
Okay.
Nothing.
Uh
Right.
Bug that's desperate for attention.
Hello, stranger. Hello. Not nut.
Welcome, wielding. What can I do you
for?
Ah, I'll buy it at a high price.
[Music]
What's that? How have we procured these
curiosities?
You don't want to know, mate.
Got a selection of good things on sale,
stranger.
All my wares are in tiptop shape, I
assure you.
That's good work. If I We're starting to
get an idea of your tastes, friend. Good
as new.
There you are. As you wished,
this kind of work is about finesse,
stranger. Little bit come back any time.
Yes, bro.
No, didn't want to do that.
Secret save file.
Buy our bugs.
Mission accomplished.
Okay.
British bio pony fans say rv instead of
row.
Anything
to say, bro?
I'm beat.
Makes you appreciate tech like this.
I don't get you.
Why risk your life like this? You don't
know us.
I told you
it makes me feel better. be straight
with me for once. Those Illuminados,
I was working for them.
See, there you go.
Helping the two of you doesn't make up
for it. I know that. But still, I don't
want anyone else to get hurt.
In that case,
a motorcycle with a little house in
between. Okay,
you better get serious.
Harsh words for a swire.
Motorcycle. No motor.
The fresh air is calling our names for
free.
Gus, we made it all this way. You know
it means we're almost
what?
Louis,
[Laughter]
long time no see. Rookie
Krower.
What the hell? Why?
Recovering stolen goods
and killing a few rats along the way.
Easy work.
Ashley,
it was you.
You catch on quick.
Didn't I teach you knives are faster?
This is This is some Metal Gear solid
[__]
Not
I don't know who this guy is, but he
wants to be revolver so bad.
Started rookie.
Are you being controlled by that cult?
This is nothing to do with them. I'm a
free man who made a choice.
[Music]
Major, you're not thinking straight.
My mind's clearer than it's ever been.
Now focus and show me what you got.
Get ready.
He killed us all without honor, without
mercy, only devastating power.
What's wrong with one deceer?
I can understand. What happened was
unforgivable,
but that doesn't give you the right to
hurt innocent people.
You're still a kid. Holding on to
vanities are what's right and wrong.
I know your every move. You earned them
from me.
What's wrong? Not looking too steady.
[__]
You don't leave me with much choice.
Time to put an end to this.
Let's see it from here.
The classic winning the fight, losing
the cut scene bit.
Please.
Enough play, rookie.
You haven't changed a damn bits.
What a disappointment.
Not looking good. Hey, my friend.
And such a loss to the ladies of the
world.
Don't talk.
Take this. The key to my laboratory. Go
there and remove those damn parasites.
Help.
Ashley.
[Music]
You know,
I led a pretty shitty life.
But now, eh,
what do you think, Leon?
People can change, right?
Well, damn.
Luis just eat a green herb. Herb? What
the hell? Why say herb?
[Music]
He lo his life.
Okay, Leon. Okay.
That might have been like mildly racist.
I can't tell.
There was a green herb right here.
Leon, there's only time to say this
once, so listen up. They took your
friend to the top of the clock tower. If
you hurry, you might get there before
she turns into one of them.
Ah, so you aren't heartless after all. I
guess I should be thankful.
Yeah, you should.
Oh, I know where we are. Open this damn
door.
Took care of her request, did you? I can
tell by the look on your face.
Good stuff, stranger. Got a selection of
good things on sale, stranger.
There's some things money can't buy.
What's that? How have we procured these
curiosities?
You don't want to know, mate.
Any to come back anytime.
Do you think the merchant will buy
Louisa's body?
I don't know.
There's the clock tower. Hang in there,
Ashley.
It's right there, Kevin.
[Applause]
Hi.
You are nothing if not unyielding, Mr.
Kennedy.
However, I'm afraid it ends here.
Spill this intruder.
Have you tried doing it yourself?
[__]
This guy loves lackeyis.
I'm coming.
Relax about it. Take a chill pill.
Okay.
I don't like when they do their little
goober chant.
Yo, Mozart, come on. Yeah, it is kind of
Mozart, isn't it?
[Music]
So
much blood.
Oh. Oh, I see.
It's got like an Elder Ring component to
it.
Not bad, right?
Who are you talking to? Am I dead? Oh,
no. It's fine.
Stop it.
Why?
Impossible.
Are you
Are you serious?
Okay, there you go.
What?
Huh?
You
You really know how to make someone feel
welcome?
Oh, that kill. I see. Yeah, this really
is Dark Souls.
[Applause]
Hey.
Oh,
you really know how to make someone feel
welcome.
They spawn infinitely.
Wait, what's the counter for that then?
We're just sit here.
Stop.
Stop it.
I don't want to lose battery
here.
Oh sh.
Hi.
Oh my god.
There's like a trolling aspect to it.
Yeah, I got like 10 goober dollars from
that.
So, I'm kind of like a big deal for it.
Give me the I was going to say that's a
plate, but it's a mirror.
Oh, okay.
Now I don't quite know what this does.
Just
a lift. How thoughtful.
The noise.
You don't give up, do you?
Hi.
sibling.
I
What the lift?
being
serious.
[__] Need to drop some weight.
Let's
see.
I
Okay.
Go after Ashley, not before.
Holy [__] Leon. Why are you so loud?
It's like not even a big deal.
It's just a 300 ft drop, you [__]
[Music]
Sure.
So wait, do I just
Okay, just don't run across it. Got it.
I know.
For a reason, stranger.
Welcome. Oh, what you buying?
A deal well struck.
Crossing your tees, dotting your eyes.
That's the way to be.
Stocking up while you can. Wise choice.
If you want a fighting chance out there,
you best tune up your kids.
knife needs care every once in a while.
Could be the difference between life and
death.
Your weapons are in good hands, mate.
I'll see you right.
Got a selection of good things on sale.
Stranger.
Oh, my back is killing me.
might want to take care of any leftover
errands before going this way. Be
ashamed to live the rest of your life
wondering what if. Am I right?
Okay.
Hello, stranger.
No, I'm leaving though. Remember
And so I have delivered the girl to you
as promised.
Do tell our lord to not forget the
loyalty of his servant Rammon.
Ashley,
such a fool, Mr. Genity. To have been
bestowed with lords at least.
You talk too much.
Failed.
You vulgar. Utterly univilized.
Oh, crawl.
Okay.
Allow me to show you the power I've been
granted by my master. The power of your
god.
Stage is set for the final act.
Oh,
don't don't sludge me.
You are nothing but my credit.
So, don't get too carried away. You'll
be a scene over.
Leave me out of your crappy script.
Well, then why don't you show me what a
first class credit is like? Do your own
actions.
[Applause]
trans
either way suits you wonderfully.
Was that an act of defiance? You
were
[Music]
you piece of [__] Damn you.
Damn you.
Huh? Watch your language, my lord.
Watch your language, my lord.
Oh,
that like insta kill.
Oh, I see.
I think I'll save again. I guess I have
to do that fight over again. You can
skip the preparation.
Why not treat yourself, man?
[Music]
and so
you are not.
So don't get too carried away. Your
biggest thing is over.
Leave me out of your crappy strength.
Well, then why don't you show me what a
first class crypt is like? Do your own
actions.
[Music]
again. Nar live.
Okay. And so
and so
you are not
infinity.
So don't get too carried away.
You'll be just single.
Leave me out of your crappy strip.
Was that a mask of defiance against me?
You're simply precious. You small small
men.
If you were
[Music]
Wait, like filth by like swans, right?
Watch your language, my lord.
This means death. It's longer death.
Why do you
feel pain?
Such suffering is worth
You tiny ugly sly.
You should never have been born. You
neon child. I'll send you back to the
hell you came from.
You're
no
ears. Drink your finger.
I'll save your eyes for last.
You drink this out of every last cavity
of your body. Every drug.
I cannot wait
to stay still.
[Music]
Man, I don't know how to get a shot in
at all.
Leon slow.
And so yeah,
Kennedy,
so don't get too carried away. You'll be
a singer.
Leave me out of your crappy script.
Well, then why don't you show me what a
first class script is like? Do your own
actions.
Give us
something.
The show has only just began.
[Music]
Dear I just
I have
you shall play the role of
[Music]
I like koo
like stun lock.
[Music]
Damn you. Damn you. Damn you.
Watch your language, my lord. What would
others think of you?
This means death. It's long, miserable
death.
You tiny are sly half weight.
You should never have any board. You
bastard.
Bastard.
Huh?
Are you in pain?
Distress.
Such suffering is for
[Applause]
your bleeding from your feet.
[Music]
[Applause]
kill you. I'll kill you. I kill you.
Twist your nose, your ears, drink your
finger, your lips. I'll save your eyes
for last.
I shall drink your blood out.
Damn it. I shall silence you.
I want to
heat.
[Music]
Stay still.
[__]
[Music]
Breathe.
[Applause]
I'm good.
Okay.
All that for five retweets.
Ashley,
no time to lose.
Moonlight
glow.
glow
m
moonlight
lower
on the light.
Where do you think you're taking her?
Hello.
Mhm.
Good.
Perfect. Won't have to swim after all.
Okay, Leon.
Ah, damn it.
Looking for something.
[Music]
Okay.
You look like you've got something to
say.
I have something to ask you.
But I don't think I'll get a straight
answer.
Raccoon City.
Raccoon City. You know, after the
incident,
the world changed.
You try to save one person, 100 others
die.
I guess I changed, too.
You,
Leon S. Kennedy.
Leon J. Kennedy.
You haven't changed.
You just think you have.
So, here's my question.
Have you changed, Ada,
or are you just trying to use me again?
What do you think?
We're here.
Don't think too hard, handsome.
See you later.
Story of my life.
Now he said, "Okay."
Okay.
Look at all these busy bees.
Better watch my step if I don't want to
get stung.
Ashley,
there you are.
spotlights.
Let's avoid those.
This is just Metal Gear Solid.
Question for anyone who's played
Resident Evil. Do do the games normally
get this techy?
Need to hurry.
Damn it.
Body cameo.
Yava G.
Yeah.
I've got some new items in stock.
Welcome. Got some rare things on sale,
stranger.
That cash in your pocket or your life?
Easy choice, mate.
20 power.
How is it 20?
Your valuables won't do you much good in
the grave.
Thank you.
There's something in for a bit of
rubbish collection, stranger. Finders
keepers. That's what I say.
A deal well struck.
All my wares are in tip-top shape. I
assure you.
Bigger is better, as they say. Or at
least I thought so when I was a lad.
Come back anytime.
They are no sales.
[Music]
Damn it.
What a
Can you break already?
[Music]
I got the
one down.
Do this
[__]
Heat.
[Music]
He's
sorry.
Never
know him.
They're
going to skip.
Bangle.
Darren.
Give me a break already.
You said that already, Kevin.
Get out of
[Music]
The drop is done.
Oh yes.
[Music]
What a thrill.
No sill.
Don't dare.
suffer
What are you looking at in there?
[Applause]
That's a dog.
No, that's
Give us
[Music]
Who am I?
Who am I? Who do I sound like?
All right.
I never get to stand.
Here
[Music]
you go.
[Applause]
Good.
This where they're keeping Ashley.
Do this.
ammo.
He is
[Music]
Doesn't look like I can get in through
here. Need to find another way.
I think that was my last one.
[Music]
Sorry. Must have slipped.
Must have slipped. Yeah. You tell him,
Ken.
Ken,
Kevin,
Crav.
His name is Kev. Kev Kevin.
Okay. Now what?
What manner of danger?
Ashley. Ashley.
Come on, Ashley. Wake up.
[__]
She's tired.
She's been playing too much creek float
tower defense.
Okay.
Hello.
Hey man,
I
[Music]
Basically, anyone who uses my music in
their video, I I basically go and hunt
them down and kill them within 24 hours.
I hope this helps.
Need a key card.
Baddy, you know I'm right.
Sav. Okay.
man. I'm green.
leg.
Give me a break already.
I love green. I love it. Green. Yes.
Damn, I knew it.
Yeah, Baddy uses TTS. I don't remember
what it's called.
Sally said it just called TTS. What?
It just called TTS bomb.
Well, that looks exciting.
[Music]
But like Why?
Why not treat yourself, mate?
Well, this is kind of a weird place to
do it, man.
Welcome, Wen. What can I do you for?
Your valuables won't do you much good in
the grave.
A deal well struck.
Oh, my back is killing me. Years haven't
been kind to us, I suppose.
What you see all yours, stranger.
Stocking up while you can. Come back
when you can. Better to be overprepared.
Am I right?
Oh, I knew you'd choose that one. Come
back anytime.
Okay.
A lot of area to run around, huh?
Who and why?
said hello.
Dax said, "Hi."
Oh, hello, Dax.
Uh,
I'm just remembering now that uh,
apparently [__]
Seth Everman heard Love and Pony step
for some reason.
Mr. Viral Music, man.
I don't know why. I don't know how this
happened.
I kind of forgot about that until just
now.
Chapstick, right?
Yeah. the bald guy.
He left two comments on the album and
then he joined the Discord server.
Maybe one of the last people I ever
expected to join the Super Funny World
Discord server.
Okay.
You don't have to turn the flashlight
off, you know.
Christ.
What kind of experiments are they doing
here?
Oh, I can tell you that. This is the
shrimp experiment.
Shrimple is that
Hi.
[Applause]
Hello.
Heat.
Oh.
[Music]
Huh.
Come on.
Okay.
I'd love a red herb now.
Oh, nothing but the finest way.
Hey, man.
Welcome. Woo! What next time then?
I'll be having that.
Oh, breaks over, I suppose.
No, you're fine. Keep breaking.
the shopkeeper when I keep staying in
the room and he's like, "When will I
finally break?" Right.
Just relax about it.
That was good. Okay,
that's
that's weird.
Genuinely probably the best possible
response to that whatsoever.
That's weird.
Not even just like, "Oh my god, that's
Creek though." It's just, "Oh, that's
weird.
Got to switch the power over.
So what?
Power over to what?
damn. You sing really well. You should
try making music sometime. Oh,
Moonlight Glow.
Right.
Relax.
M moonlight glow. Might
glow.
And I turned the power off. I thought I
did that already.
Something's bound to catch your eye.
M
like
moon like
m Uh B.
Ooh, my glow.
Set that.
Oh, nothing but the finest wedge.
Welcome. What can I
Good luck to you, stranger.
La.
Thank you. Easy pleas
glow.
Moonlight moonlight glow glow glow.
Moonlight
balloon. Something's bound to catch your
eye.
Okay, but like what the [__] even is the
even? What the hell?
Where is turn on power?
But why?
[__] Again.
Don't you have a life?
What's taking so long?
Stop this.
Help
me.
[__]
Here you go.
Come on.
How do I win this?
I have like nothing.
Key card overwrite complete.
I don't even know what the strategy for
that was. I just shooting until it died.
Okay.
The underrace.
I have like no ammo, man.
Yes.
See
No, no, no.
Oh my god.
Okay. What is the actual strategy for
these?
Wait, is it four? Is it four?
Okay.
Need a wrench to get this open.
Did not mean to do that, but it's fine.
a wrench.
Okay.
It's a wrench within
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
Yeah.
[Music]
[__]
Okay.
Like I had no idea if they were going to
like attack me after I did that.
May as well do this.
[Applause]
Thank God
for
When you enable
the button
on you.
Ashley.
[__]
You're going to be okay.
You're going to be growing.
Okay,
[Music]
that was a reasonable
reasonable amount of progress I think.
So I will stop here.
[Music]
Let's see the other way.
Okay.
[Music]
What? Why did it give me question mark
amount of energy?
Daddy said once the room
questionable amount of energy.
Okay.
Have a uh have a good night everyone or
good morning. It's night for mentally.
So uh goodbye.
Goodbye baba world.
Bye.
Wait.